For the increased scope of this problem, we see that the first and foremost thing that needs to be made use of is a database which would store all the orders with timestamp for ordering. There will be a order_creation service which would take orders and persist it in the database.From there, the data would go in batches to restaurant in queue.The order_creation service would contain all details such as recipe. Subscription service would create new orders for subscribed customers and add to database periodically.
As the data operations seem to be write-heavy , I would prefer using a SQL based DB such as Maria-DB.
The tables I would make would be OrderTable, UserTable, SubscriptionTable and RestaurantTable. While Restaurant table would contain restaurant-related info such as slots, time-required to cook an appetizer/Main-course,etc the order-table would be the main player. The primary-key would be timestamp and the database would be sorted for it.Other info would include recipe, meals. Sort-key and indexing would be based on timestamp. In case of UserTable, we would get info such as Name of user,contact details, distance from restaurant and subscription status. The primary-key would be a serial number.It would share a foreign key i.e. Name with Subscription table. Subscription Table would contain list of subscribed users, frequency of subscribed meals, meal details. Primary key would be serial number.
As for CRUD operations go, these would be done accordingly with the following cases:-
CREATE:- When a new order comes, we would add entries to OrderTable , UserTable with info of orders. When a user subscribes, we would add his details in order table whenever subscribed food gets ordered and also, add his entry to SubscriptionTable.
READ:- This will be used by subscription table to check regularly when time for order of food will come for subscribed users. Furthermore, computation with business logic will be done after retrieving data from RestaurantTable.
UPDATE:- This will maily be used when a user wants to edit his order or subscribed meals in the OrderTable and SubscribedTable respectively.
DELETE:- This will be used for pushing order to restraunt from OrderTable and so, we will delete the early orders from the table. Any unsubscription will also be followed by removal from SubscriptionTable.

The subscription table would be iterated every x minutes and when the time of order would be (say 60 min) from current time, we would make an order and add it in the orders table.

I think that this is one of the good solutions for the design because we are minimizing time complexity by storing orders in an indexed, sorted manner in the table and as we are dividing the tables for de-coupling we are also saving on space complexity. 